

__END__
=pod

=head1 NAME

HTML::FormFu::Manual::Validation - How HTML::FormFu validation works

=head1 VERSION

version 0.002

=for stopwords shangov
inflator
inflators
validator
validators

=head1 INTRODUCTION

L<HTML::FormFu>'s validation process is very simple and straightforward, and at the same time very powerful. Basically all you need to understand is how the different stages in the validation process work, and we already explained that in Chapter I - L<HTML::FormFu::Manual::BasicConcepts>. A good overview is also available in L<HTML::FormFu/"FORM LOGIC AND VALIDATION">.

=head2 WHERE TO FIND DOCUMENTATION

=over

=item Filters

L<HTML::FormFu::Filter> provides a listing of all filters included in the core L<HTML::FormFu> distribution. Most of the names are self-explanatory and you can lookup the documentation for each module for details.

=item Constraints

Similarly, L<HTML::FormFu::Constraint> provides a listing of all constraints included in the core L<HTML::FormFu> distribution. 

=item Inflators

The core L<HTML::FormFu> distribution only ships with two default inflators, both used to inflate a field into a L<DateTime> object.

=item Validators

L<HTML::FormFu> does not provide any validators, you have to write your own by either subclassing L<HTML::FormFu::Validator> or by using L<HTML::FormFu::Validator::Callback>.

=back

=head1 CLIENT-SIDE VALIDATION

L<HTML::FormFu> does not provide any built-in functionality for client-side validation.

=head1 AUTHOR

Peter Shangov <pshangov@yahoo.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2010 by Peter Shangov.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut

